Sorry little friend
I should pay for your clothes.
Uh, I have a Skylark Gold card from the Skylark Hotel
worth millions
Just treat it as a little friend to lose clothes.
I don't know Xiaoyouzun's name
Can we make friends?
My name is Ye. As for making friends
You don't have the word yet
Do you know who my grandfather is?
You actually say that my grandfather is not qualified
Make friends with you
You
My latter is speechless grandpa
I see you're glowing.
refreshed
Physical
Should be a rich man
It's a pity to die
China should not pass
Grandpa, look at him
He not only said that you are not qualified to be his friend
And said you were going to die
Although this young man is a little frivolous
But not together
The moment he passed by me
I feel as if I have come into contact with ancient times
The feeling of a beast
He could kill me with one finger
I don't believe it.
Just now, I was too big.
Otherwise, I will
Hey, look inside the river
How is this possible?
The fish in this river died
There seems to be something wonderful
Absorbed their vitality
Grandpa
That person just now
It seems to have come out of the lake
Red is doing everything possible to find this person
This person has unfathomable abilities